docs: Bluetooth: Audio: Add notes on the design and data placements (#70950)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/connectivity/bluetooth/bluetooth-le-audio-arch.rst

The API reference for media control can be found in
:ref:`Bluetooth Coordinated Sets <bluetooth_coordinated_sets>`.

Specification correctness and data location
-------------------------------------------

> The implementations are designed to ensure specification compliance to extend possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementations are designed to ensure specification compliance to the largest extent possible.
```

Author: Went with a slightly different phrasing
